Task 1:
=======

Write a function, which accepts time delta specifier as a string argument and returns time interval in seconds as an integer. Supported time units: s – seconds, m – minute, h – hour, d – day, with seconds being default unit and one being default value. Please supply unit tests for the solution.

Examples of input time delta specifier and output value:

| _**Time Delta Specifier**_ | _**Output Value**_  |
| --- | --- |
| 30 | 30 |
| 30s | 30 |
| s | 1 |
| 60.5m | 3630 |
| 10seconds | Exception |
| 1y | Exception |
| \<empty string\> | Exception |


Task 2:
=======

There are a few huge text files (>1TB each). You need to write an infinite generator, which outputs those files in a multiplexed file-by-file line-by-line order. The next line after the last one is the first one. The next file after the last one is, again, the first one.

For example, you have three files:

| _**File 1:**_ | _**File 2:**_ |  _**File 3:**_ |
| - | - | - |
| 1 | A | \- |
| 2 | B | + |
| 3 | C | |
| | D | |

In this case, if the files are passed to the generator as arguments in the above order, the beginning of the output sequence must be the following:               

_**Output:**_

1

A

\-

2

B

\+

3

C

\-

1

D

\+

2

A

\-


Task 3:
=======

Write generator _merge(…)_ which accepts as arguments an arbitrary number of iterables, each of which generates sorted numbers, not necessarily one after another. _merge()_ must merge the outputs of the iterables, i.e. give sorted queue of all the numbers from the input iterables. _merge()_ must correctly stop if all of the input iterables have stopped. Please supply unit tests for your solution.

E.g., the input iterables are three generators giving the following numbers:

_Iterable 1:_ 1, 5, 9

_Iterable 2:_ 2, 5

_Iterable 3:_ 1, 6, 10, 11

The sequence generated by _merge(…)_ in this case must be: 1, 1, 2, 5, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11

**NOTE:** There exists standard python solution based on _heapq.merge_, but we would like that you write your solution from scratch without using _heapq_ module.